A lot of content on the web is lists of things lists of contents lists of articles and so on.
We've got two elements in each team out for describing lists.
The U L are on OD'd list element is used to describe a list where the ardour of the items in the list
is unimportant.
For example a shopping list I will list of ingredients in a recipe.
To create an unguarded list.
First we add a u l element then nested inside this element we add the list items each list item is wrapped
in L..
Tags like this.
Each item is placed inside its own elhai tags like this.
In the browser an ordered list is typically displayed with a booklet before each item and each item
on a new line.
You can of course change this default styling as we'll see later on.
The other type of list is an ordered list.
The order of items in an ordered list does matter.
For example a list of contents are a list of steps in a recipe.
To create an ordered list.
First we add an O L element.
Then as with the unaided list we add to the list items nested inside.
Each.
Inside an L I element.
In the browser.
An ordered list is typically displayed numbered with a number before each item and each item on a new
line.
The numbers start at 1 by default but you can change this if you like by adding the start attribute
to the opening tag of the O L element.
This makes the list.
Start with the number that you specify.
List Items don't have to just be text.
They can include all that 80 email elements to even other lists.
For example let's nest another list.
Our sublist inside of the second item of our Are did list and then add some list items.
Will indent them like this so it's easier to see the structure of the two lists.
In the browser it looks like this.
The sublist is indented by default.
Note that this has nothing to do with the spaces we put in our code.
Rather the browser are somatically indents sublists.
Note also that the sublist has its own numbering unrelated to the numbers of the parents list.
As for styling by default an unguarded list uses solid bullets and an ordered list uses integers like
this.
We can change these however to use different styles of bullets and numbers for example square bullets
Roman numerals and so on will learn how to do this later on.
When we look at styling.